ENH: allow quantity_support to be used as a decorator (#17006)
astropy/astropy: docs/changes/visualization/17006.feature.rst

> Allow :obj:`astropy.visualization.units.quantity_support` to be used as either

Reviewer: I believe RTD is failing because of this ref. We usually avoid true references in the changelog so it doesn't rot in the future if we ever removed referenced items.

```suggestion
Allow ``astropy.visualization.units.quantity_support`` to be used as either
```

Reviewer 2: It is a bit weird, though, that it isn't found. It may be because if would be `astropy.visualization.quantity_support`, i.e., one should link to the place one expects users to import from. Indeed, https://docs.astropy.org/en/latest/api/astropy.visualization.quantity_support.html exists. Anyway, agreed that for the changelog entry one should use the double backticks.

> Allow ``astropy.visualization.units.quantity_support`` to be used as either
> a decorator or a context manager.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Allow ``astropy.visualization.units.quantity_support`` to be used as a
decorator in addition to the already supported use as a context manager.
```
